Psalm 9
Tune: JOANNA 11.11.11.11.
Example: “Immortal, Invisible”
1 I now will give wholehearted thanks to Yahweh,
And all of Your marvelous works will convey
2 In You will be glad and exultingly cry,
And praise to Your name will I sing, O Most High.
BREAK
3 When backward my foes were all turned in despair,
They stumbled and perished because You were there.
4 For You have defended my judgment and cause;
You sat in just judgment upholding Your laws.
BREAK
5 You chided the nations, the wicked destroyed;
Their names You erased and forever made void.
6 The foe is consumed, is completely erased,
Their cities destroyed and their mem’ry effaced
BREAK
7 Yahweh will eternally sit on His throne,
Establishing it for His judgment alone.
8 In righteousness He’ll judge the world from His seat
And unto all peoples shall equity mete.
BREAK
9 Yahweh is a stronghold, a lofty strong tower,
For all the oppressed in their troubles’ dark hour.
10 Those knowing Your name, Yahweh, trust You for grace;
You have not forsaken those seeking Your face.
BREAK
11 Sing praise to Yahweh, Who in Zion does dwell;
Among all the peoples His great doings tell.
12 When blood He avenges, His mem’ry is clear;
The cry of the poor never fades from His ear.
BREAK
13 Yahweh, how I suffer from malice and hate;
Have mercy! O lift me away from death’s gate,
14 That I with the daughter of Zion may voice
Your praises, and in Your salvation rejoice.
BREAK
15 The nations are sunk in the pit they prepared;
Their foot in the net which they hid is ensnared.
16 Yahweh by His judgment has made Himself known,
He by their own works has the wicked o’erthrown.
BREAK
17 The wicked to death’s dark abode shall be brought,
And all of the nations who God have forgot.
18 Forgotten no longer the cause of the weak
Nor perished forever the hope of the meek.
BREAK
19 Rise, Yahweh, that mere man may not become strong;
Let nations be judged in Your presence for wrong.
20 Strike terror within them, Yahweh; always then
Let nations know truly that they are mere men.